Expose cache-excluded metadata to tasks which use `mint/git-clone` (#85)
rwx-research/mint-leaves: mint/git-clone/README.md

If you need to reference one of these to alter behavior of a task, be sure to indicate that it should be included in the cache key:

```yaml
tasks:
  - key: code
    call: mint/git-clone 1.2.0
    with:
      repository: https://github.com/YOUR_ORG/YOUR_REPO.git
      ref: main

  - key: use-meta
    use: code
    run: ./my-script.sh $MINT_GIT_COMMIT_SHA
    env:
      MINT_GIT_COMMIT_SHA:
        cache-key: included
```

### `MINT_GIT_REPOSITORY_URL`

The `repository` parameter you provided to `mint/git-clone`.

### `MINT_GIT_REPOSITORY_NAME`

The name of the repository, extracted from your URL for convenience. For example, given a repository URL of `git@github.com:YOUR_ORG/PROJECT.git`, this environment variable would be set to `YOUR_ORG/PROJECT`.

### `MINT_GIT_COMMIT_MESSAGE`

The message of the resolved commit.

### `MINT_GIT_COMMIT_SHA`

The SHA of the resolved commit.

### `MINT_GIT_REF`

The unresolved ref associated with the commit. Mint attempts to determine this for you, but in some scenarios you may want to specify. The logic is as follows:

> - If you have provided the `meta-ref` parameter, we'll use that (note: you can specify the fully qualified ref with `refs/heads/` or `refs/tags/` prefix or the short name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have provided the `meta-ref` parameter, we'll use that (note: you can specify the fully qualified ref including its `refs/heads/` or `refs/tags/` prefix, or you can specify only the short name)
```
